Mr. Li
You must avenge me, Mr. Li
Useless waste
I don't raise idle people, Mr. Li
Please give me another chance
Mr. Li, please give me another chance.
Now listen up.
I'll give you one last chance.
Their wedding reception in two days
And deliver it to them personally.
I'm going to make their wedding a funeral
Yes roll
Look good and prepare for the wedding on the 3rd.
Hmm, but Jingchen, um
If we don't invite my parents to get married
If it gets out, you will be laughed at.
Then you tell them
There will be a lot of big names at our wedding
Your parents want to make friends so much
I know this news will come
Is our wedding back big shot? Of course?
Hello mom in three days
Jinchen Club and I will hold a wedding reception in the wedding chapel
There will be a lot of powerful people coming
If you want to meet
You can come.
Got it.
What's the matter, Yunwei is going to marry Si Jincheng
It's about making friends at weddings.
Ouch
You said that a person like Mr. Zhou
Nod and bow to this kid
Maybe this kid is really capable?
When did you say three days later?
Okay, let's take a look then.